This sandwich is a typical Chinese street food that could be a distant relative of an American pulled pork sandwich. Made with homemade gou kui flatbread and pork belly that has been braised in an exotic medly of spices, including cassia root, ginger, anise seed, cloves, and cumin and is served with a healthy dose of chili pepper and cilantro.
Author: Curried Cantaloupe
Recipe type: Sandwich
Cuisine: Asian
Serves: 10-12
Ingredients
FOR THE BREAD (MO, GOU KUI):
1.6 pounds (26 ounces) all-purpose flour
18 fluid ounces water
2 tablespoons yeast
1 teaspoon salt
2 large mixing bowls
FOR THE BRAISED PORK:
2 pounds pork belly
enough water to cover the pork to rid of impurities
2 quarts water (8 cups) to braise (+ more as needed, I didn't...)
1 inch piece of ginger, sliced
3 pieces of cassia root (mine were about 3 inches long and rather thin)
1 tablespoon sand ginger (in slices)
2 teaspoons fennel seeds
2 stars of anise seed
2 fructus amomi pods
2 teaspoons ground cumin (you can use fresh cumin if you have)
1-2 teaspoons Sichuan Peppercorn
3 whole arbol chilies, dried
5 ounces rock sugar (possible substitutions: granulated sugar, honey, or even brown sugar)
1 teaspoon whole cloves
⅓ cup dark soy sauce
⅓ cup light soy sauce
FOR THE SANDWICHES:
1 bunch of cilantro
2 jalapenos (or other green, spicy chili pepper)
1 English cucumber, julienned


Instructions
TO MAKE THE BREAD:
Measure the flour and put it into one of the mixing bowls. Then measure out the water and spoon approximately one cup of the flour into the water, whisking it and sprinkling in the yeast to form a sponge. Let it rest for 10 minutes.
Then gradually add the rest of the flour mixture until it you have a sticky dough. Generously flour your work surface, turn out, and knead until the dough is smooth. Add more flour to your work surface as needed.
Once you have a smooth dough, roll it into a ball with your hands and let it rest for 30 minutes. (During this time you can start the pork belly if you want to make sandwiches.)
Come back to it and punch it down. Divide it into balls that are approximately 3.5 ounces, or 6 equal pieces.
Generously flour your work station and line one side of the table with some parchment paper, lightly dusted with flour.
Roll out your balls so they’re about ¼ “ thick and place them on the parchement to rest.
Preheat your oven to 300F (150C).
By the time you roll out your last ball of dough, you should be able to turn your wok on low to medium (I have a gas burner and it gets pretty hot, so I start on medium and lower it pretty quickly) and start cooking the flatbread rounds, starting with the round that has been resting the longest.
Cook it on each side for approximately 3 minutes. Each side should get a brown bubble pockets and lines that form around the bread. It should puff up slightly. Then place on a baking sheet.
When you have cooked the 12 pieces of bread in the wok, place them in the oven for 10-12 minutes to finish cooking right before you want to serve.
FOR THE PORK BELLY:
Start by boiling your pork belly for 15 minutes in a large pot of water to rid it of its impurities.
Then drain off the water (don’t keep it). Cut your pork into smaller, more manageable chunks. Add it to the pot of water and add in the soy sauces, sugar, and all of the spices.
Bring it to a boil and then reduce the heat so you can let it simmer for at least 2 hours.
TO ASSEMBLE THE SANDWICH:
Take your break and cut it down the middle, stopping about ⅔ of the way down.
Take spoonfuls of the meat and place it on a cutting board. Mince it and then spoon it into the flatbread.
Mince the jalapeno, julienne the cucumbers, and chop the cilantro. Add as much as you want to your sandwich.
Serve warm.